Source URL: https://dow.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/pt-BR/ExternalCareers/job/Navi-Mumbai-IND/Full-Stack-Developer--Net-Angular-Azure-_R2066416
Collected at: 2026-10-01T18:42:05.904Z
Market: brazil
Discovery: serpapi

Ir para o conteúdo principal
Português (‏Brasil)
Fazer login
Pesquisar cargos
Full-Stack Developer (.Net/Angular/Azure) page is loaded
Full-Stack Developer (.Net/Angular/Azure)
Candidatar-se
remote type
Onsite
locations
Navi Mumbai (IND)
time type
Full time
posted on
Publicado há 6 dias
time left to apply
Data de término: 9 de outubro de 2026 (6 dias restantes para se candidatar)
job requisition id
R2066416

At Dow, we believe in putting people first and we’re passionate about delivering integrity, respect and safety to our customers, our employees and the planet.  

 

Our people are at the heart of our solutions. They reflect the communities we live in and the world where we do business. Their diversity is our strength. We’re a community of relentless problem solvers that offers the daily opportunity to contribute with your perspective, transform industries and shape the future. Our purpose is simple - to deliver a sustainable future for the world through science and collaboration. If you’re looking for a challenge and meaningful role, you’re in the right place. 

About you and this role

We are seeking a Full Stack Developer to design, build, and support enterprise applications that enable global business operations.  

You will work across the full software development lifecycle, contributing to end-to-end delivery of features from design through deployment and support. This includes building and enhancing applications, supporting API-driven integrations, and improving performance, scalability, and reliability over time.  

In this role, you will develop core engineering skills, contribute to technical design, and partner with product, architecture, and business teams to deliver secure, maintainable, and scalable platforms.  

Responsibilities

Contribute to delivering features across the development lifecycle, supporting end-to-end delivery (design, development, testing, deployment).  
Develop and enhance applications using Angular, .NET, and Azure.  
Support development and integration of APIs and backend services. 
Implement CI/CD pipelines and automation with guidance to improve delivery quality and speed.  
Support production issues and troubleshooting, contributing to root cause analysis and fixes.  
Follow development standards and contribute to team best practices.  

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, or related field (or equivalent experience)  
3+ years of relevant full stack software development experience  /2+ yrs experience into full stack software development experience .
Experience contributing to application delivery, including exposure to technical design, API development, and testing.

 

Your skills

Front End: Angular JS(React or similar frameworks a plus), TypeScript, HTML5, CSS.  
Back End: C#, .NET Core, REST APIs.  
Cloud: Azure (App Services, Functions, Logic Apps, Azure SQL).  
DevOps: CI/CD pipelines, Azure DevOps.  
Database: SQL Server.  
Experience working on enterprise or business applications.  
Exposure to API-driven application design.  
Experience supporting application performance, scalability, and reliability improvements.  
Familiarity with modern development practices.  

Additional Notes

Strong problem-solving and debugging skills  
Ability to learn quickly and apply new technologies  
Experience working in Agile teams  
Good communication and collaboration skills  
Willingness to grow technical depth and take on increasing ownership  
You will contribute to the development and support of scalable digital platforms that drive business outcomes and support global operations.  
No relocation support is provided on the role.

Benefits – What Dow offers you 

We invest in you. 
 

Dow invests in total rewards programs to help you manage all aspects of you: your pay, your health, your life, your future, and your career. You bring your background, talent, and perspective to work every day. Dow rewards that commitment by investing in your total wellbeing.  

Here are just a few highlights of what you would be offered as a Dow employee: 

Equitable and market-competitive base pay and bonus opportunity across our global markets, along with locally relevant incentives. 
Benefits and programs to support your physical, mental, financial, and social well-being, to help you get the care you need...when you need it. 
Competitive retirement program that may include company-provided benefits, savings opportunities, financial planning, and educational resources to help you achieve your long term financial-goals. 
Employee stock purchase programs (availability varies depending on location).
Student Debt Retirement Savings Match Program (U.S. only).
Dow will take the value of monthly student debt payments and apply them as if they are contributions to the Employees’ Savings Plan (401(k)), helping employees reach the Company match.
Robust medical and life insurance packages that offer a variety of coverage options to meet your individual needs. Travel insurance is also available in certain countries/locations.
Opportunities to learn and grow through training and mentoring, work experiences, community involvement and team building. 
Workplace culture empowering role-based flexibility to maximize personal productivity and balance personal needs. 
Competitive yearly vacation allowance.
Paid time off for new parents (birthing and non-birthing, including adoptive and foster parents).  
Paid time off to care for family members who are sick or injured.  
Paid time off to support volunteering and Employee Resource Group’s (ERG) participation. 
Wellbeing Portal for all Dow employees, our one-stop shop to promote wellbeing, empowering employees to take ownership of their entire wellbeing journey.
On-site fitness facilities to help stay healthy and active (availability varies depending on location).
Employee discounts for online shopping, cinema tickets, gym memberships and more.
Additionally, some of our locations might offer:
Transportation allowance (availability varies depending on location)
Meal subsidiaries/vouchers (availability varies depending on location)
Carbon-neutral transportation incentives e.g. bike to work (availability varies depending on location)

Join our team, we can make a difference together.

About Dow Chemical International Pvt Ltd

Dow Chemical International Private Limited (Dow India) aims to be the most innovative, sustainable, inclusive customer-centric materials science company. The company is committed to delivering the right solutions to its customers’ challenges. With broadest technology sets spanning performance materials, industrial intermediates, and plastics Dow India delivers differentiated science-based products and solutions in high-growth segments, such as packaging, infrastructure, automobile, and consumer care.

A Great Place to Work® Certified company with approximately over 1000 employees, its operations comprise of manufacturing sites, innovation center, established centers of excellence, and commercial office. As a responsible corporate, the company supports its Corporate Social Responsibility (program) with technology expertise and employee volunteerism. Dow India works with non-profit partners towards the empowerment of differently abled, women, and children in communities where it operates. The company aims to redefine the societal blueprint, by supporting holistic sustainability and circular economy initiatives.

As part of our dedication to inclusion, Dow is committed to equal opportunities in employment. We encourage every employee to bring their whole self to work each day to not only deliver more value, but also have a more fulfilling career. Further information regarding Dow's equal opportunities is available on www.dow.com.

Cargos semelhantes: (2)
Associate Full-Stack Developer (.Net/Angular/Azure)
remote type
Onsite
locations
Navi Mumbai (IND)
time type
Full time
posted on
Publicado há 6 dias
time left to apply
Data de término: 9 de outubro de 2026 (6 dias restantes para se candidatar)
Developer (Fullstack & BODS)
remote type
Onsite
locations
Navi Mumbai (IND)
time type
Full time
posted on
Publicado ontem
time left to apply
Data de término: 14 de outubro de 2026 (11 dias restantes para se candidatar)
About Us

A Dow é uma empresa de mais de 36.500 inovadores globais, provedores de soluções. Somos uma comunidade diversificada marcada pelo respeito, pela integridade e pelo desejo de fazer do mundo um lugar melhor. Uma carreira na Dow é um convite para explorar, criar, e fazer contribuições valiosas para o progresso humano.

Siga-nos
Política de Privacidade
© 2026 Workday, Inc. Todos os direitos reservados.
